README.md, before:

# berichtencentrum-email-notification-service

Microservice to create notification emails for newly received messages in berichtencentrum. Fetches messages that need a notification to be sent, constructs email messages and places them in the correct outbox.

## Configuration

### Environment variables

Required environment variables:

* `FROM_EMAIL_ADDRESS`: The email address added in the 'from' header of the sent mail.
* `LOKET_API_BASEURL`: Base URL of the loket API (so we can supply a working link to the message mentioned in the email)
* `OUTBOX_FOLDER_URI`: URI of the email outbox folder in which the prepared messages must be stored.

Optional environment variables:
* `MU_APPLICATION_GRAPH`
* `MU_SPARQL_ENDPOINT`
* `MU_SPARQL_UPDATEPOINT`

* `RUN_INTERVAL`: How frequent the service to send email notifications must run (in minutes), _default: 5_
* `MAX_MESSAGE_AGE`: Max age of the messages requested to the API (in days), _default: 3_. This value could theoretically be equal to that of `RUN_INTERVAL`, but a margin is advised to take eventual application or API downtime into account (to not miss any older messages).

Commit message:

Working base service: added email templating support, added bestuur name

README.md, after:

# berichtencentrum-email-notification-service

Microservice to create notification emails for newly received messages in berichtencentrum. Fetches messages that need a notification to be sent, constructs email messages and places them in the correct outbox.

## Installation
To add the service to your stack, add the following snippet to `docker-compose.yml`:
```
services:
  berichtencentrum-email-notification:
    image: lblod/berichtencentrum-email-notification-service:latest
    environment:
      RUN_INTERVAL: 5
      OUTBOX_FOLDER_URI: "http://data.lblod.info/id/mail-folders/2"
      FROM_EMAIL_ADRESS: "Agentschap Binnenlands Bestuur Vlaanderen <noreply-binnenland@vlaanderen.be>"
      LOKET_APP_BASEURL: "https://loket.lokaalbestuur.vlaanderen.be/"
```

## Configuration

### Environment variables

Required environment variables:

* `FROM_EMAIL_ADDRESS`: The email address added in the 'from' header of the sent mail.
* `LOKET_APP_BASEURL`: Base URL of the loket app (so we can supply a working link to the message mentioned in the email)
* `OUTBOX_FOLDER_URI`: URI of the email outbox folder in which the prepared messages must be stored.

Optional environment variables:
* `MU_APPLICATION_GRAPH`
* `MU_SPARQL_ENDPOINT`
* `MU_SPARQL_UPDATEPOINT`

* `RUN_INTERVAL`: How frequent the service to send email notifications must run (in minutes), _default: 5_
* `MAX_MESSAGE_AGE`: Max age of the messages requested to the API (in days), _default: 3_. This value could theoretically be equal to that of `RUN_INTERVAL`, but a margin is advised to take eventual application or API downtime into account (to not miss any older messages).
